Okay. here it is: the system is designed to be used from campus administrator's perspective. so the app will open first, to the landing page which i uploaded. then it will have an option to "Register Your Campus". that will lead to a registration form, where campus admin have to-enter the institution's name, pinpoint its geographical location on maps, and the name of campus administrator and his email id. include the usual login with google thing for the admin. so two stages of the registration process. separate pages for each step. then, once the admin is authenticated, create his unique id and take him to the app. Now, this is where I have the idea. the entire app is built around the idea of having a campus digital twin. we have to convert a campus into a net zero campus. so, existing data that we have will be power consumption of each building, water usage and waste generation. all these will be obviously be organized in excel sheets. the data itself, would be coming from meters(which may be digital or not, atp we assume that they are digital). now, here, we will give them two options- static or dynamic. in static, they will have to manually enter the excel file/csv file for each pillar: Power, Water and Waste at the end of each day(my system should prompt them daily). The entire approach for static or dynamic is included in the Static-dynamic .md file. you have to code accordingly, and also have a cost/benifit analysis ready. now once that is done, we must have a living digital twin of the campus live. the home page or the main site of the entire app should look something like images i have attached. now, you have to build this game like interface. now, after present twin is alive, we will now, have a button to monitor our sensor data. next, once these structures are live, we will have an  alert like system(like we have in coc that full elixir, here we will have full water or grid is full). basically we have to ensure that the campus admin never needs to leave this space. he can just control the enitre campus, from this map, in his pc. the commands he gives here must automatically connect to the sensors installed. to make this happen, you must develop the entire software flow, and list any particular hardware required and include that in the cost/benefit analysis. next, we must have an engine that gives warnings to the admin, that so-and-so season is coming, we need to get(save more water using our water unit, or save more electricity in our grids, etc.) and it gives the admin an option to either accept or reject that suggestion. now, this engine needs to be a model that predicts using existing csv. files. i want a model, in whom the user will be initially required to input the existing data(stored in excel files, which has to be a single file having all three). it trains itself on that data and then generates the predictions. Next, implementing this solution from scratch will obviously be tough. so i also want you to generate an implementation roadmap for this solution( in the readME file). 
Now since this is a game, the objective is to achive a "net zero". this will be automatically calculated by the game. the game will have two bars: consumed(existing use) and generated(using net zero solutions). so all the data should then also be stored in this master db which tracks our progress. the game loop can be such that for each day you improve your generated/consume ratio, your exp increase, while they decrease if you don't. the comparsion will be on the basis of the roadmap which will be generated in the starting. each day's real data will be compared to the ideal data. store this in relevant places.
Next we have to develop a netzero engine. this means, based on the existing metrics, what tasks we need to do(like install x solar panels, or install rainwater harvesting unit etc.). now this engine needs to give 2-3 combinations of what can be done, based on user input. it should be more like a chatbot. but also have a feature of "Add to roadmap" where we add its suggestion to our roadmap to be tracked. 
The UI and asthetics of app should look like the first pic(coc). 
Now, i have outlined you the entire solution. you have to:
>generate all files of the project(all means all- from login to the prediction model to the game. all)
>the folder structure
>a readME File, containing implementation roadmap and a description of the entire project
> a detailed cost- benefit analysis (a website script, which changes according to input. link in the readME file)
>I have attached: coc image, simcity image, static-dynamic ingestion file, 3-d model generation .md file, a problem statement file for reference(YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUDGE EVEN A INCH FROM MY PATH) and the landing_page.html file which will be the first page of the project.
GO